Hey now we're going to write a simple application that is going to be putting all of the concepts we
learned together.
The application is not going to be complicated.
The main goal of this is for you to understand these concepts even further than you can use them in
more complex applications.
If I use them in a complex application myself you will have to focus on figuring out the complexity
and might not be able to focus on the concepts altogether that we have learned in this course so far.
With that said let's take a look at the diagram here and see about the requirements.
So as you can see we have an imaginary database once again and it has writers and promoters.
So we have two sets of data so to speak.
There is some sample data here.
So first name last name.
There is an autobiography I guess this is the property right type.
So this is a blog and this is book.
So we have a type as you can see a main kind of abstract base class that is saying it's a writer and
then this is gonna be a blog writer.
There's gonna be a book writer and you know there's you can imagine this has millions of rows but for
simplicity's sake we're just saying the database only has three writers and three promoters.
So the other type is promoters promoters of First Name Last Name cell phone and then they have my business
card which is once again is going to be the property and they have two types omni promoters and access
promoters access an omni our bases clubs in Las Vegas and you know there are two promoters two types
of promoters and promoter being the bass class once again.
So you can imagine that it really has been loaded for you in a list.
So just like the way we've done it before you can imagine that you have old information at your disposal
so you can put them in a list and imagine like you have already loaded from database.
That's totally fine.
And now let's look at what we have to work with.
So once again you already know that we have two base classes.
We have a writer we have a promoter.
Right.
Because from that then you have two children.
You have the Omni club promoter access club promoter then you have blog writer and book writer.
Then you have these methods so the writer has a method right which goes down all the way to blog writer
and book writer and promoter has a method promote.
So it goes to excess club promoter and omni a promoter or omni club promoter.
And then you have IV logger and I bodybuilder.
So these are abilities that.
So for example access club promoter also happens to be a body builder.
Right.
So it has body building abilities but it's also of logger.
So it has also of logging abilities.
So this is where you're going to have to deal with the multiple inheritance.
And but then also both book and book and blog writers both of them are also loggers.
All right so you gonna have to figure out where to put the interfaces and then all that stuff you need
to figure out and that's actually look at some of the steps.
So it's this final requirement you will have for this personal information is up to you so you can fake
some of the data.
You know when you're putting the first name last name you can use the stuff that we have here or you
can just fake them out it's totally fine.
But at the end you're going to have list one so you can have four lists and list what is going to have
three promoters to Xs promoters and one omni promoter list who is going to have three writers.
So two book writers one blog writer list three is going to have two bodybuilders any type.
So in this case we only have one type as you can see it's excess club promoter so you can basically
gonna have to access club promoters and life is a list for is going to have to loggers any type.
Once again it can be you know it can be an access club promoter because it's a blogger it can be a blog
writer or book writer anyone of them but they're going to be unless you're going out for lists and then
want to see how.
So we basically once again in our previous example we want to see our promoters promote our writers
write how bodybuilders work out how bloggers blog regardless of their type.
So you know you can be creative with a text that are not given.
So if any of the promoting you don't know what put text to put just be creative with it just say console
that write line.
I am promoting now or whatever you want.
It doesn't matter.
It's not part of the requirements as long as it's using the console dot right line and it's saying some
Texas relevant to the action happening you're good to go.
So then promoters have to step promotion process.
So these guys and share with inner circle so they share with inner circle the promoters share with their
friends exes promoters share what their instagram followers and paid ads.
That's a second step that they use all media promoters use Facebook ads and excess promoters use Google
AdWords.
Now another requirement I'm going to add is that you are going to keep these private from the world
but you're going to going to only reveal these steps in the child classes.
And I'm not going to tell you what to use you're going to have to figure that out yourself but the requirement
once again here is that the promotion process to promote can be used by the outside world.
But these two processes that are part of the promotion can only be accessed by the children and they
have to be done in the order.
So first you have to share with inner circle then you have to use the paid ads.
You can't do it in you know in a reverse order if you decide to do it.
So once the class is instantiate it you can do you cannot mess with what the order.
Right.
So that's the that's the other rule.
So that's essentially it.
Now before I write any code I'm going to give you some time to do it for yourself.
So please pause the video here.
We have already done a very similar example to this and you should know exactly how to write this application.
You can pretend like the data has already been loaded once again from the database so you can put them
in a list the way we have done it in our previous videos they just read through the requirements and
write the app step by step as we have done in our previous example.
Once you have written it then play the video and follow through to see what you have got right and what
you did differently or got wrong.
This way you will learn a lot more than just by watching me writing code or my own even though I will
still be explaining all of my thought processes and my decisions.
So don't worry about that but just be a better for you to write it on your own and kind of struggle
with it and then see how I do it so that you can fill any gaps that you might have after it so positive
video.
Do it yourself and then come back.
All right.
So let's go ahead and write some code here.
So I have my charts here.
That's cool.
Now I also have visual studio code open.
It's completely empty.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to say file and I'm going to say open folder and in here I'm gonna
say create a new one I'm gonna call it app.
You can name it whatever you want.
That doesn't really matter.
I'm not up and then remember here we have to actually create a new projects so I'm going to do is I'm
to say dot net new console and it'll do the restoring of all the stuff and we don't need to run it right
off the bat to so it can just create that first.
Get that going.
And here we have our program.
So we are at least good to go and we should be able to do everything else if the configuration you haven't
set up yet.
We can just go and do that very quickly you just say add configuration dot net core and that's about
that.
It's very easy.
Now we can just test that it runs just click play or you know start debugging that has a play button
and we go hello world so we verify that our program runs great.
Now well we can do is actually start thinking about this.
So let's open this up.
Let's see what we need.
We need to abstract base classes religious create all of this stuff and not put anything in it just
yet.
Just have our structure built up.
That's the first step.
That's what I would do.
Now you might have done a definitely that's cool.
I'm just showing you my approach.
So it's totally fine.
What I'm going to do is I'm gonna grab these guys promoter and writer and come back here and I'm going
to create two new file promoter doubts.
Yes I want to create another one rider doubts.
Yes.
And these are both abstract classes right.
Public abstract class.
And this one is writer and the other one is gonna be promoter.
So there we go.
Just you know setting some time here.
So we got these two skeletons done this guy and this guy are good to go.
Now we need to create a blog writer and book writer so I grab these guys let's just create everyone.
Book writers promoters everyone.
So just get the skeleton down first.
I will say blog writer C.S. and then I will say book Ryder.
Yes.
And then I won't put anything in there yet because they're going to be very similar to the promoters
structure why that is.
And here we go.
We're just gonna say once again that CBS and Miss baloney thinks I'm going to copy the name.
That's yes.
And then now let's actually do some code writing so public.
Public class blog writer the concrete class this one as book writer.
So just change that word.
All right.
And access club promoter let's see she going to grab the name and saying with omni M paste that.
So grab this.
And this one was actually not there by itself.
I'll just say Nia club promoter.
All right.
So now we have these ready.
Let's see what else we need.
So we have our copy classes ready wherever abstract class is ready and we need some interfaces.
So let's create the IV logger interface.
I'll pop that in here.
Now say I've logger Dodds.
Yes public interface.
I've logger because that's how I create an interface using interface reserve keyword.
And then I will create a body builder for that I'm going to need this guy.
Scrap that.
Pop it in here.
Yes it's going to be very similar to I have logger except the name and grab the name.
And here we go.
Now let's see the diagram.
So we have our concrete classes where we're abstract classes and we have our interfaces all ready to
go.
Now I think the easiest thing we can do is go top down now that we have everything ready.
Let's actually connect them together and create the hierarchy before we put any methods or any implementations
and let's just get the whole picture down before we start painting.
I mean like let's set the canvas before we paint our picture.
That's how I approach program writing not just this one.
Even when I write very complex application I still do the same thing I just kind of put the stuff down
the skeleton down from that scale and I start building you know building the actual human so to speak
like that's that's the analogy that I would make or I just kind of like put the skeleton there and I'm
from there go and start making more and more complex.
OK.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say vlog is a method on Blogger.
Let's go here.
Let's say or you blogger.
So there's a public there's going to just be void.
So void vlog and before I bought a builder is it going to be void workout.
So here we go.
These two were pretty easy.
Writer is going to have a method right on it.
That's cool.
So let's see.
Writer where are you.
You're right here.
You can have a method right which is abstracts from say public abstract void.
So that means that this method is going to have to be defined by the child classes and then I'm going
to go to the promoter and I want to say well the promoter needs to have a method promote promote take
that out loud.
Here we go.
OK.
Now let's go back to our diagram.
So we have the right we have promote.
We have a vlog where we work out now where we need to do is we need to combine these together and create
the hierarchy.
So let's see book writer a blog writer and book writer both inherited from writer and then excess club
promoter and Armenia club promoter inherit promoter based class.
So go ahead and do that.
That's easy to do now.
Promoter is right here.
We're going to grab that guys actually close everything and save that save these and close these just
so we can have a cleaner dashboard here.
That that.
OK.
Cool.
Now I will go to Armenia and next says promoters both of them where they're going to inherit from promoter
right.
And I do inheritance.
So that's that's and that's that.
Now they say you need to generate your own constructor that's cool that's fine.
But we also need to implement the abstract promote.
So I will just do that and then we'll put some code in that afterwards.
OK.
So that looks good that looks good just so far so good.
Right the Skelton's still we're creating the hierarchy now of the skeleton of Aki and the next thing
is the writers.
So the writer is once again an abstract base class book writer is going to inherit that and so as the
blog writer.
See it's making it read because it's saying we need to do some stuff so you can actually do this automatically
create the constructor and the abstract method implementation
I'm going to go ahead and do these guys.
Okay so this is looking good.
So let's see what we have done so far so we created this.
We created this.
We created this recreated this.
Now a promoter can be of logger or excess promoter can be a VC logger and it can be a body builder.
So let's actually pop those two things in there excess so this can be I.
Body builder and an IV logger so zero how this is multiple inheritance right now.
It's saying implement interface vlog and it needs to also implement work out.
So it's forcing us to do that.
So an access club promoter will know how to promote out of log and not a workout.
It's doing these all of these things at the same time.
Now let's see what else we need.
Here it says that nobody else is as a body builder which is cool.
And then of lager so besides X says club promoter the book writer and the blog writer are also bloggers
and instead of us doing them individually we can just inherit that from the.
Or we can implement that in the you know in the bass class and the bass class will then force our child
classes to do the same thing which is going to say hey listen I implement I've logger so you guys have
to do that as well.
Right.
So it's going to save us a lot of code and it's just a cleaner way to do it.
So I'm gonna go to writer and in here I'm going to say so I will say I have the logger and then what
that's going to say that's going to say we need to implement the method now here's thing I implement
a vlog.
So vlog here what's going to happen is it's going to have a concrete definition so that if I go back
here.
So then these both will get the same way of logging but what we want to do is want to give the opportunity
for each guy to define it for themselves.
So what we what we can do is we can make this into an abstract method so let's actually take this out
and say public void public abstract void vlog.
So this still follows the same convention.
You know it is still says that you're not following the logger interface contract.
I still have a law vlog method on me is just that at that method happens to be abstract.
Now what that says then to the children classes which are you know blog writer and book writers you
can see that red now is that now they have to implement it specifically themselves which is what we're
doing here.
So but you know the reason why it's using the override rules of keyword is because it's overriding the
method on the abstract class and then the abstract class just follows the contract from the interface.
So we can just do the same thing on the blog writer as well.
So here we go.
And let me see.
So do we have everything I think we do well besides the concrete stuff in there we have created the
entire hierarchy.
So we have all the hierarchy all set and we have also put all the methods in.
We created all the classes so it's looking pretty good.
It's looking pretty good.
Let me close all the stuff out and then we can move from there.
So go back to the diagram.
Now let's see what it now what we need to do.
So the next thing we're going to do is we're going to take care of this requirement.
It said this promoters have a two step promotion process and it gives us the promotion process and then
also remember the requirement that the promotion process can only be seen by the children classes not
by the outside world.
So in the next video we're going to take care of that requirement.
Now we're also going to kind of like fill in the actual implementations on any method that we have created
and then we're going to create these lists and fulfill the entire business requirement.